# packages in environment at /media/amax/c08a625b-023d-436f-b33e-9652dc1bc7c02/.conda/kongweizhe/envs/Vim:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    defaults
absl-py                   2.1.0           py310h06a4308_0    defaults
addict                    2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
alembic                   1.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argparse                  1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     23.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
automat                   22.10.0                  pypi_0    pypi
blas                      1.0                         mkl    defaults
blinker                   1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
buildtools                1.0.6                    pypi_0    pypi
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7b6447c_0    defaults
c-ares                    1.19.1               h5eee18b_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2024.12.31           h06a4308_0    defaults
causal-conv1d             1.1.3.post1              pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2023.11.17               pypi_0    pypi
chardet                   5.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
cloudpickle               3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
constantly                23.10.4                  pypi_0    pypi
contourpy                 1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cuda-nvcc                 11.8.89                       0    nvidia/label/cuda-11.8.0
cudatoolkit               11.8.0               h6a678d5_0    defaults
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
databricks-cli            0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
datasets                  2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.7                    pypi_0    pypi
docker                    6.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
docopt                    0.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
easydict                  1.12                     pypi_0    pypi
einops                    0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
et-xmlfile                2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
flask                     3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.46.0                   pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2023.10.0                pypi_0    pypi
ftfy                      6.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
furl                      2.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
fvcore                    0.1.5.post20221221          pypi_0    pypi
gitdb                     4.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
gitpython                 3.1.40                   pypi_0    pypi
greenlet                  3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.62.2          py310h6a678d5_0    defaults
gunicorn                  21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.19.4                   pypi_0    pypi
hyperlink                 21.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.6                      pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        7.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
incremental               22.10.0                  pypi_0    pypi
iniconfig                 2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
intel-openmp              2023.1.0         hdb19cb5_46306    defaults
iopath                    0.1.10                   pypi_0    pypi
itsdangerous              2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.38                 h1181459_1    defaults
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_h6a678d5_0    defaults
libffi                    3.4.4                h6a678d5_0    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h2d74bed_0    defaults
libprotobuf               4.25.3               he621ea3_0    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libuuid                   1.41.5               h5eee18b_0    defaults
mako                      1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mamba-ssm                 1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.3           py310h5eee18b_1    defaults
matplotlib                3.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mkl                       2023.1.0         h213fc3f_46344    defaults
mkl-service               2.4.0           py310h5eee18b_2    defaults
mkl_fft                   1.3.11          py310h5eee18b_0    defaults
mkl_random                1.2.8           py310h1128e8f_0    defaults
mlflow                    2.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
mmcv                      1.3.8                    pypi_0    pypi
mmsegmentation            0.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
multiprocess              0.70.15                  pypi_0    pypi
natsort                   8.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0    defaults
networkx                  3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ninja                     1.11.1.1                 pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.2                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy-base                2.2.1           py310hb5e798b_0    defaults
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.8.1.78                 pypi_0    pypi
openpyxl                  3.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.15               h5eee18b_0    defaults
orderedmultidict          1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.2            py310h06a4308_0    defaults
platformdirs              4.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pluggy                    1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
portalocker               2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
prettytable               3.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  4.25.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   14.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                      pypi_0    pypi
pyjwt                     2.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pytest                    8.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.10.13              h955ad1f_0    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-hostlist           1.23.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pytorch-gradcam           0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2023.3.post1             pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
querystring-parser        1.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
re2                       2022.04.01           h295c915_0    defaults
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    defaults
redo                      2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2023.10.3                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.31.0                   pypi_0    pypi
safetensors               0.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.11.4                   pypi_0    pypi
seaborn                   0.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
sentence-transformers     2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                68.2.2          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
simplejson                3.19.2                   pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
smmap                     5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlalchemy                2.0.23                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.41.2               h5eee18b_0    defaults
sqlparse                  0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
submitit                  1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.12                     pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tbb                       2021.8.0             hdb19cb5_0    defaults
tensorboard               2.17.0          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.0           py310h52d8a92_1    defaults
tensorboardx              2.6.2.2                  pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
thop                      0.1.1-2209072238          pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
timm                      0.4.12                   pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h1ccaba5_0    defaults
tokenizers                0.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tomli                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torch                     2.1.1+cu118              pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                2.1.1+cu118              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.16.1+cu118             pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.66.1                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.35.2                   pypi_0    pypi
triton                    2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
twisted                   23.10.0                  pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2023.3                   pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.12                   pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.41.2          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
xxhash                    3.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.4.5                h5eee18b_0    defaults
yacs                      0.1.8                    pypi_0    pypi
yapf                      0.40.2                   pypi_0    pypi
yarl                      1.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_0    defaults
zope-interface            6.2                      pypi_0    pypi
